I'm going to go to the other side.
Okay, I'm going to go to the other side.
As did most of the things that you said earlier,
the end of your center is a large set of short night winds
that's very convenient in our state.
Get in step with the headwind of daylight speed.
It might be well for our friends to use the energy
which is only the same time.
Remember that your next schedule is now one hour
if I get a few times.
Other time, your center results is a few hours later
and in the main part of the city.
Our Junior Center for the Kennedy Headquarters
is currently also in the pages of the congressional records
in the 1930s.
Our 40th of the time is during the base
and in the round is so far,
the depot is already released.
This resolution steps up especially at the beginning.
We investigate the use of every base of the county
and the latest crime,
which is our violation of law of the most possible crime.
It is finally adopted as only one
which means only a few weeks.
We have to keep on it.
Along last year, the city's United States
is setting free the parliament in the rest days.
The city is being approval for the rest days
of the nationwide crime operation.
Ladies and gentlemen,
do you understand?
Well, thank you very much, Charlie,
and how do you do ladies and gentlemen?
Naturally, I'm highly gratified
to report the passage of our crime resolution
after so long awaited.
We have been anxious to get underway
for a long, long time.
And from our part,
the crime investigation will be underway before long.
The senator from the mail received the commissioner's office.
He said he seemed to have the well-wishings of the great number
of people in Tennessee.
It's really going to need a lot of help.
And a lot of people can get in this tremendous undertaking.
The senator approval of our residents' proposals
indicates the sacrifice on the part of the people of Tennessee
to part of my own personal services to them,
our concern.
And naturally, I'm pleased that my people
are willing to have me give a great portion of my time
to this effort.
Of course, Charlie, I'm expecting you
and the other capable members of our staff to continue.
The very best service possible to our constituents
have been able to give them my personal attention
as I've tried to in the past.
It would be a pleasure, Senator Steve Fawver,
and I know all your friends and constituents will understand
that you cannot choose as possibly be a dreadfully available
to them until this matter is completed,
as you've always experienced in human history.
But I know everyone will be disappointed
if you will not expect to make good news.
You will expect to make good news.
Well, that's what I've been thinking.
What's the most important thing about the bulls' situation, Charlie?
I think it's a vital thing.
I know that the Black people are important.
And the elected representatives of the people
stay in close touch with the folks back home.
We try to do that without weekly reports
which are made available by radio to all parts of Tennessee
and in condensed form to every newspaper in Tennessee.
Of course, the mail we received from our people in Tennessee
and the goodly number of our friends from home
who come up here every now and then
stop us day and conduct.
But we recognize the limitations of these contacts.
And I like to go around in the every Tennessee county
just as often as possible to report directly
to all who are interested.
And it's not answered questions about any matters
not covered in the reports.
I think it's obvious that everyone's interested in moving
on eight years of improving picture.
That I mean that we have made preliminary arrangements
to prepare a often movie, giving my report,
and to have you and some of the others of our staff
show it in all parts of Tennessee where they're interested.
That's the first substitute for the type of thing I would like to do.
But if you will be on hand to ask your questions
and stop out of our friends,
anyway you can.
And I know that the latest would be glad to see you
if you have any silver spoon.
I'm thinking of life hunting and news, life seeking endeavor.
I'm pretty well convinced in my own mind that there are
one or more organized crime rings
and firing the filth to people of America.
And at the end of the day, they are the only ones
who are in the world who are the most vulnerable
and the most vulnerable in the world.
And that's the first thing that I would like to do
is to build the people of America.
And at the end of the day, they operate across states lines.
There is testimony from high authority, of course,
that no national crime.
The medium, through which it can be determined
whether such a sentence is our sentence,
or actuality,
or merely a figment of the imagination.
If we do find conspiracies of an interstate character
we can determine the nature and extent of the other them,
and the other fact that the spotlight of public opinion
will be focused on these illegal operations
will do no harm to the cause of low, outer, and morality.
But none of these are the principal purposes
of the investigation.
Our task is to find out the interstate crime situation.
To take a look at the adequacy of our existing federal criminal laws
and to recommend to the Congress what new or amended laws
and it should be passed to direct the situation.
And I know that word is on the standards of these laws.
This is actually a serious study of our presence
of federal criminal laws.
To see if they're at a good duty job that may need to be done.
And you're holding into the activities of big-shot gamblers
and direct heroes.
It's actually not for the purpose of trying to put them
jail or out of business,
but to see the extent, nature, and effect of their operation
will be a lot to be passed to deal with.
Well, that's a very good digest of it,
so far as I'm concerned, Charles.
Of course, if, as an incidental matter,
things got so hot for any of these citizens
that they are put in jail or out of business,
I wouldn't be unhappy about it.
So Senator Winsley, the Senate finance
would you make it to the court on the proposed suspension of law?
Oh, you're absolutely right.
Committee, I'll put it up by Senator George of Georgia.
Recommended sweeping changes in our old age
and survivors' insurance setup.
Under the committee's recommendation,
the program would be placed on a pay-as-wee goal basis.
Benefits under the law would be increased from an average
of about $26 a month, as it now is,
to an average of about $49 a month.
But the tax would not go up as it is scheduled
to do next year.
Rather employers and corporations,
one in one half percent,
one in the fee release, I mean, 1956, that's right.
Then in 1960, the rate would be raised
to an average of $2.9 a month,
and finally, at three and a half percent,
it's being increased now.
Now, it's half percent of the fee.
Hardly, Charles, that's a present time of trust,
out of which to build up the respectuation point
for the payment of the credit, then will be needed.
In this situation, the benefit share is
that it can receive more compensation for six years
before any additional tax money will be needed.
You know how many persons are being decreased
and you will need some average.
Well, about three million right now,
a little less than three million as a matter of fact.
But the finance committee recommends that
eight and a half million additional persons,
now, as they are being covered under the law,
and doesn't permit a detailed explanation
of the occupations covered right now.
And that, my manager, is going to be president.
It's questioning the inclusion of some 20 million
additional six years.
Yes, and they have to represent its lordness
to about 11 million.
Those differences will have to be worked out.
I might add, right here, Charlie,
that it should be emphasized that we have been talking
about a committee recommendation,
and that the law has not yet been passed.
We have had several cases, then,
where our elders and people are in just a little month,
yet, are unable to receive only incentives.
You know it's that part of the law of these things.
I don't know if it will be changed, Charlie,
but the Senate's finance committee has
eased up the qualifications of the extent
that about 500,000 elderness persons who are now ineligible,
will become eligible.
I have a little retirement age is 65,
and it's unlikely to be lowered into time.
Now, the old age benefits were just that.
You cannot be completely only the existing
problem of changing another six years.
No, I will follow by trends
where differentiates between the two.
Old age and the fabric done a bit
comes at the matter of right to a person
who has worked sufficiently and covered in points.
Old age assistance, the state program is based on needs,
and I'm glad you've pointed out to this thing.
I guess it seems to be a lot of excuse.
I mean, we should have provided some fireworks on the Senate floor.
The E.L. make them up.
Yes, Charlie.
The FEP bill is going to follow the ECA authorization bill.
And of course, the FEPC always provides a strategy.
I attended a meeting of several my colleagues from the South
Thursday at which time plans were made to launch a
filibuster or very long speeches when the measure does come up.
So he will oppose the filibuster strategy.
I am Charlie, and I am also opposed to an FEPC law.
As you know, I tried to help get the Senate rules changed to bring
an end to the strategies that unlimited debate
or filibuster in last year.
Support some national emergency or TBA matters
have to be up on the Senate floor.
But we were defeated in our effort and the rules changed.
Senate rules are still to met the use of filibuster
or very long speeches.
So Senator, how do you recognize the use of your strategic
initiative?
Well, filibuster law, outlaw, outlaw, did I have to say?
That is I voted to sustain that Senate Department is ruling
at the two thirds of the state after reasonable time.
I feel that I am justified in using it as a weapon against
some legislation I don't approve.
The law measures the Senate rules to make its use.
In other words, you are going to use filibuster
to solve the other things, filibuster.
You rules.
Well, that's about it.
Charlie, it's loud.
It's loud to be used against the South in the nation someday.
So why shouldn't we use it for the South in this situation?
I think you're point, kind of.
So you sound like Bradley, even if the racial measure
as a matter of principle, as I did every time it came up in the House,
and I might add, I was one of the first to testify against this bill
before the British years and the last year.
The betterness and the value of the region over the FACC question
is doing much harm to nations.
It is diverting the false intention of many legislatoris
and more important issues.
I think with the great things of the nation,
if this is supposedly FACC, it should be voted down once and for all.
But along this there is an explanation as to the outcome of a voting
fund group sent to rules to make unlimited debate.
I expect it to be quite a good strategy using any weapon on that pan.
FACC is in a sense trying to make it.
There's one other question I should ask you.
So this time in that case and on the way,
do you expect you continue making the decision to make the decision?
Well, I certainly do, Charlie.
Maybe time is when I cannot be able to appear myself,
and if the level goes a times as few and far between.
But I intend to take whatever time it requires and I'm here
to continue to support every week's Congressry nation's session.
And let me say we are very, very grateful to these 30 radio stations
and those newspapers and senators with broadcasts and public news reports.
And it certainly applies public service there, really.
And if some of our friends are a bit far to these stations and newspapers,
expecting a free gig in public service, I would have free-getted by much.
Thank you, Mr. F. D. D. Paul.
Ladies and gentlemen, once again, you have heard the news reports
of Mr. F. D. Paul from your secretary's office in the United States office.
Until next week, it's a thank you to the party and you can use your left hand out.
Okay.
Thank you.
You're welcome.